Kafka Mirror Maker status (#1739)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/appendix_crds.adoc

[options="header"]
|====
|Property       |Description

> |spec    1.2+<.<|The specification of the mirror maker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|spec    1.2+<.<|The specification of Kafka MirrorMaker.
```

|xref:type-KafkaMirrorMakerSpec-{context}[`KafkaMirrorMakerSpec`]

> |status  1.2+<.<|The status of the Kafka Mirror Maker.

Reviewer 2: When you say _status of all Kafka Mirror Maker replicas_ I would expect per replica status. That is not the case, there is just one status for the whole Kafka Mirror Maker cluster.

> |status  1.2+<.<|The status of the Kafka Mirror Maker.

Reviewer: OK, makes sense. Please use: "The status of Kafka Mirror Maker".

@stanlyDoge

|xref:type-PodDisruptionBudgetTemplate-{context}[`PodDisruptionBudgetTemplate`]
|====

[id='type-KafkaMirrorMakerStatus-{context}']
### `KafkaMirrorMakerStatus` schema reference

Used in: xref:type-KafkaMirrorMaker-{context}[`KafkaMirrorMaker`]

[options="header"]
|====
|Property                   |Description
|conditions          1.2+<.<|List of status conditions.
|xref:type-Condition-{context}[`Condition`] array

> |observedGeneration  1.2+<.<|The generation of the CRD which was last reconciled by the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|observedGeneration  1.2+<.<|The generation of the CRD that was last reconciled by the operator.
```
